Description of the up4scm.tar distribution
Dorai Sitaram

This is an implementation of call/cc-e and call/cc-l,
which are described fully in the paper, "Unwind-protect
in portable Scheme", in _Proceedings of the Fourth
Workshop on Scheme and Functional Programming_, 2003.
The web version of this paper is at

 http://www.ccs.neu.edu/~dorai/uwcallcc/uwcallcc.html 

Slides for the presentation of this paper are available
at

http://www.ccs.neu.edu/~dorai/scheme2003/uwtalk/uwtlak.html

The file callcc-e.scm contains the implementation of
call/cc-e.  The file callcc-l.scm contains call/cc-l.

callcc-e.scm and callcc-l.scm both make use of the same
trio of helper files.  These are respectively:
let-fluid.scm, delq.scm and up-syn.scm.

I have made callcc-[el].scm load these helper files
using the R5RS procedure "load".  Which means things
will work if you load callcc-[el].scm while being in
this directory but not from elsewhere.

A better solution would have been to replace "load" by
load-relative, but the latter is not R5RS, and is
available only in PLT Scheme.  However there are
obvious ways to get the same behavior in other
dialects.

Two test files, callcc-e-test.scm and
callcc-l-test.scm, are provided.  They test callcc-e and
callcc-l respectively.  These also use "load" where
load-relative would have been nice.

The tests are minimal.  I only had them around to
ensure that I didn't introduce any clerical errors when
making changes to make it read better in the paper.

The only non-R5RS procedure used in this implementation
is "error".   It is not a showstopper:  A call to
"error" does something reasonable even if "error" is
undefined.
